Encourage use of AbortController (#20315)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch_api/index.md

### Aborting a fetch

> [Most browsers](https://caniuse.com/abortcontroller) have support for the {{DOMxRef("AbortController")}} and {{DOMxRef("AbortSignal")}} interfaces (aka The Abort API) since 2019, which allow operations like Fetch and XHR to be aborted if they have not already completed. See the interface pages for more details.

Reviewer: Let's be even clearer:
```suggestion
To abort incomplete `fetch()`, and even `XMLHttpRequest`, operations, use the Abort API, the {{DOMxRef("AbortController")}} and {{DOMxRef("AbortSignal")}} interfaces.
```
